Updating some directives (#4737)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests.mdx

:::

:::info

<strong><Icon name="cogs"></Icon> supportFile per testing
type</strong>

Depending on which [testing type](/guides/core-concepts/testing-types)

> you are using, you can configure yoursupportFile accordingly.
> 
> - [component](/guides/references/configuration#component)
> - [e2e](/guides/references/configuration#e2e)
> 

Reviewer: Couple of tweaks. I'm not sure if we'd need to capitalize the types in this context but I believe that's an initiative on the PMM side. 

```suggestion
you are using, you can configure your `supportFile` accordingly.

- [Component](/guides/references/configuration#component)
- [E2E](/guides/references/configuration#e2e)

```
